Barrel of Laughs by Leroy Hopson

Character voices generated using 15.ai (https://15.ai)

"adobe-3984256_640.jpg" by DebiDalio, from https://pixabay.com/photos/adobe-wall-texture-brown-3984256/, released under Pixabay License: https://pixabay.com/service/license/, modified from the original

"Barrel 3D - Hand Painted Low Poly" by Alex Conradie (Sandman ZA), from https://opengameart.org/content/barrel-3d-hand-painted-low-poly, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Cat Pilot (Rigged + Animated)" by Tomcat94, from https://opengameart.org/content/cat-pilot-rigged-animated, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

"Demon Laugh" by deleted_user_7209547, from https://freesound.org/people/deleted_user_7209547/sounds/385538/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Evil Laugh 2.wav" by Nanakisan, from https://freesound.org/people/Nanakisan/sounds/253524/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"Evil Laugh" by Richard Wroblewski (https://freesound.org/people/balloonhead/), from https://freesound.org/people/balloonhead/sounds/362330/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"evil laugh.wav" by kintana24, from https://freesound.org/people/kintana24/sounds/478934/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Evil Laugh.wav" by Luke Sharples, from https://freesound.org/people/LukeSharples/sounds/145619/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"Exotic Palms Lowpoly style" by Fabio S. Clemente (FabinhoSC), from https://opengameart.org/content/exotic-palms-lowpoly-style, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

"giggle" by Lomond, from https://freesound.org/people/Lomond/sounds/155942/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/

"Goblin Cackle.wav" by spookymodem, from https://freesound.org/people/spookymodem/sounds/202096/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Goegap" by Greg Zaal, from https://hdrihaven.com/hdri/?c=outdoor&h=goegap, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/

"GRAND ENTRANCE INTRO.wav" by metrostock99, from https://freesound.org/people/metrostock99/sounds/514492/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"kazulaugh.wav" by Noscainum, from https://freesound.org/people/Noscainum/sounds/127032/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"laugh89.wav" by Reitanna (https://www.fiverr.com/reitannaseishin), from https://freesound.org/people/Reitanna/sounds/343934/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Laughing" by NSDAP, from https://freesound.org/people/NSDAP/sounds/393353/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Maniacal Laugh 1.wav" by acekasbo, from https://freesound.org/people/acekasbo/sounds/120756/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"maniacal laugh.mp3" by jealoussiblingprison, from https://freesound.org/people/jealoussiblingprison/sounds/367738/, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"Maniac kid laugh (1)" by Huminaatio, from https://freesound.org/people/Huminaatio/sounds/189278/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Man laughs extensively (stuxer).mp3" by stuxer (https://www.youtube.com/user/stuxerlp), from https://freesound.org/people/stuxer/sounds/401214/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Particle Pack" by Kenney (kenny.nl), from https://www.kenney.nl/assets/particle-pack, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Potted Palm" by Wolfgang Wozniak (http://wolfgame.com/), from https://opengameart.org/content/potted-palm, released under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/, modified from the original

"sand-1545316_640.jpg" by psddude, from https://pixabay.com/photos/sand-sand-texture-sand-seamless-1545316/, released under Pixabay License: https://pixabay.com/service/license/, modified from the original

"sandstone-401241_640.jpg" by G_Kahlo, from https://pixabay.com/photos/sandstone-rock-cliff-texture-401241/, released under Pixabay License: https://pixabay.com/service/license/, modified from the original

"Smiley Face Emoticon (Yellow)" by John Gillanders (https://www.technaturally.games/), from https://openclipart.org/image/400px/279689, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Tada Fanfare G" by plasterbrain (https://plasterbrain.com/), from https://freesound.org/people/plasterbrain/sounds/397353/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

"Wrong Buzzer" by KevinVG207, from https://freesound.org/people/KevinVG207/sounds/331912/, released under Creative Commons: Public Domain Dedication https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/, modified from the original

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
fluid-hierarchical-task-network

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Pål Trefall

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
Godot-3D-text-plugin

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Roujel Williams

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
godot-credits

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 Ben Bishop

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
Godot-Thief-Controller

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2020 Alex Nagel

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE. 

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
gs-logger

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019-2020, SpockerDotNet LLC

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――――
qodot-plugin

Copyright 2019 Josh "Shifty" Palmer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

